7/27/2017 - Jonald Fyookball

Electron Cash is a fork of the open source Electrum Bitcoin wallet (www.electrum.org) for Bitcoin Cash.  The current
release is based on the Electrum 2.9.0 codebase with patches to

- handle Bitcoin Cash difficulty adjustment algorithm
- sign transactions the Bitcoin Cash way
- updated list of electrum servers
- updated icons and branding
- remove RBF (unsupported by Bitcoin Cash network nodes)
- use different directory for wallets and configuration

The Electron Cash software is NOT affiliated, associated, or endorsed by Electrum, electrum.org or the Electrum
developers.

If you are concerned about running Electron Cash binaries we recommend installing and/or running it from the github
source directly.


Usage
-----

When you first run Electron Cash it will use a different configuration directory to Electrum.  On Unix it is
".electron-cash", and on Windows/MacOS it is "ElectronCash".  Your wallet files will be copied from the Electrum
cofiguration directory (".electrum" on unix, "Electrum" on Windows/MacOS), if found.  Initially transactions will show
up as unverified because Electron Cash is downloading the blockchain headers to verify the transactions.  This can take
up to 10 minutes, but is only done once.

Ensure you are running Electron Cash and not Electrum by checking for "Electron Cash" in the title bar wording.  Some
users installing from setup.py have reported conflicts if both Electrum and Electron Cash are installed in parallel
that way.

We STRONGLY recommend you get comfortable and only send a small amount of Bitcoin Cash coins at first, to yourself,
to confirm the network is processing your transactions as expected.

Bitcoin Cash hard forks after the 6th block with timestamp greater than 1 August 2017, 12:20 UTC has been mined.  The
seventh block must be greater than one million bytes in size.

The Bitcoin Cash fork enforces a new signing scheme which is incompatible with the legacy chain.  Electron Cash only
signs transactions using this scheme, so its transactions are only valid on the Bitcoin Cash hard fork after the fork
has occurred.

If you want to send Bitcoin before the fork, or Segwitcoins after the fork, you should continue to use the standard
Electrum client, Electron Cash will not work.

Once the network forks, it will take time for the Electrum server network to split into servers of the Segwit fork, and
servers of the Bitcoin Cash fork.  You should ensure you are connected to a Bitcoin Cash Electrum server in order to
send transactions successfully.  Some servers that will be serving the Bitcoin Cash fork are:

    electrum-abc.cascharia.com via SSL port 50002
    electrum-abc.criptolayer.net via SSL port 50012
    180.235.49.196, 35.185.209.69 and 35.197.25.235  TCP port 50001 and SSL port 50002

There will likely be other servers available; please check their banners in the Console tab (View|Show Console).


Hardware Wallets
----------------

Since Bitcoin Cash enforces a new signing scheme, hardware wallet vendors need to supply new firmware and/or libraries
for the hardware to be able to sign transactions correctly.  Currently such libraries and firmware do not exist, so you
cannot use your hardware wallets with Electron Cash.

To use Electron Cash with your hardware-wallet coins you will need to restore your wallet as a software Electron Cash
BIP44 wallet from its seed so that Electron Cash can sign the transactions itself.  Since this exposes your coins to
risk you may want to wait for the 3rd party software to be developed and integrated instead.


Two-factor Authentication (2FA) Wallets
---------------------------------------

For the same reason as Hardware Wallets above, 2FA wallets need Trustedcoin to perform new Bitcoin Cash-style
signatures for their transactions to be valid on the Bitcoin Cash fork.  If third party support appears we will attempt
to integrate it.


Multisig
--------

For a multisig transaction to be valid on the Bitcoin Cash fork, each signature must be done thew new Bitcoin Cash way,
so each signature must be performed with Electron Cash or other Bitcoin Cash-compatible software.

Unfortunately Electron Cash does not currently work with multisig wallets as Electrum's serialization format for
transferring transactions between cosigners is incomplete.  We intend to fix this.


Miscellaneous
-------------

Electrum 2.9 has new code to deal with chain forks which may have outstanding (pre-existing in Electrum)
bugs and problems.  Since this package forks that code it will contain those issues.

If you have problems syncing to the correct chain fork (take a look at the Overview Tab in the "Network" window (in
Menu "Tools") to see information about chain forks your client knows about), you can try to remove everything except
"wallets" directory and "config" file from your Electron Cash directory.


# Release 2.9.2
  * force headers download if headers file is corrupted
  * add websocket to windows builds
  * fix initial headers download
  * validate contacts on import
  * command-line option for locktime
